♪ Puttin' my defenses up ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love ♪
♪ If I ever did that ♪
♪ I think I'd have a heart attack ♪
♪ Never put my love out on the line ♪
♪ Never said "Yes" to the right guy ♪
♪ Never had trouble getting what I want ♪
♪ But when it comes to you,
I'm never good enough ♪
♪ When I don't care ♪
♪ I can play 'em like a Ken doll ♪
♪ Won't wash my hair ♪
♪ Then make 'em bounce like a basketball ♪
♪ But you make me wanna act like a girl ♪
♪ Paint my nails and wear high heels ♪
♪ Yes, you make me so nervous ♪
♪ That I just can't hold your hand ♪
♪ You make me glow ♪
♪ But I cover up ♪
♪ Won't let it show ♪
♪ So I'm ♪
♪ Puttin' my defenses up ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love ♪
♪ If I ever did that ♪
♪ I think I'd have a heart attack ♪
♪ Never break a sweat for the other guys ♪
♪ When you come around, I get paralyzed ♪
♪ And every time I try to be myself ♪
♪ It comes out wrong like a cry for help ♪
♪ It's just not fair ♪
♪ Pain's more trouble than love is worth ♪
♪ I gasp for air ♪
♪ It feels so good,
but you know it hurts ♪
♪ But you make me wanna act like a girl ♪
♪ Paint my nails and
wear perfume for you ♪
♪ Make me so nervous ♪
♪ That I just can't hold your hand ♪
♪ You make me glow ♪
♪ But I cover up ♪
♪ Won't let it show ♪
♪ So I'm ♪
♪ Puttin' my defenses up ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love ♪
♪ If I ever did that ♪
♪ I think I'd have a heart attack ♪
♪ The feelings got lost in my lungs ♪
♪ They're burning, I'd rather be numb ♪
♪ And there's no one else
to blame, no one else ♪
♪ So scared I take off and I run ♪
♪ I'm flying too close to the sun ♪
♪ And I burst into flames ♪
♪ You make me glow ♪
♪ But I cover up ♪
♪ Won't let it show ♪
♪ So I'm ♪
♪ Puttin' my defenses up ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love ♪
♪ If I ever did that ♪
♪ I think I'd have a heart attack ♪
♪ I think I'd have a heart
attack, heart attack ♪
♪ I think I'd have a heart attack, -tack ♪
♪ Oh, I think I'd have a heart attack ♪
♪ I think I'd have a heart attack ♪